Open main1.py. Before running it, what do you expect this program to do? 
ask me a question of some sort
Now right click on the window and select “Run Python File in Terminal”. Click in the bottom panel, and answer the question. Describe what happened. 

What do you think the program did with what you typed?
stored the answer somewhere in here 


Open main2.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main1.py. 
it has a command that will return a result 
What do you think the color = input() will do? 
it will show my answer back to me 
Run the program in the terminal and answer the question. Did the program do what you expected?

yes it did actually

Open main3.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main2.py. 
it has more commands that will alter the result that I get
What is happening on lines 11–14? 
it's saying that if i were to enter red the program would return a certain answer, vice versa with if i respond with another color
Why are lines 12 and 14 indented? 
 They are dependent on the lines before them 
Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you don’t capitalize Red? 
it doesn't register the same result
What does this tell you about "color"?
it's a very hot button issue


Open main4.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main2.py. 
it adds another line that corrects the capitalization problem of the last program
What problem is this trying to solve? 
the capitalization error that we found in the last program
Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you use some other capitalization scheme (i.e., “RED” or “reD“)?
it doesn't return the same result as if I were to type "red" or "Red"


Open main5.py. What do you expect line 11 to do? 
for it to allow all forms of "red" to be entered and returned properly
What problem is it trying to solve? 
the problem of "red" only being able to be entered in certain ways
Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you add spaces before or after the word (i.e., “  RED  “ or “ red”)?

it doesn't register the result as it would normally

Open main6.py. How is line 11 different than main5.py? 
it adds the command .strip()
What would you guess .strip() is doing? 
allowing there to be spaces before and after the word you enter
Run the program and answer the question. Is there another way of writing “red” that will break this logic?

If you put spaces between each letter, it breaks the logic

Open main7.py. Before running this program, how do you expect this to be different than main6.py? 
there are more possibilities of responses offered by the program
What is the purpose of line 11? 
to allow for more options of responses
Run the program and answer the question.



Open main8.py. What is the purpose of line 11? 
it makes more specific logic parameters for the answer of red
Why are lines 12–19 indented? 
they are conditional on line 11 running properly
Run the program. What would happen if line 12 were moved before line 11 (and no longer indented)? 
I don't think it would run properly or atleast as intended.
Make that change and run the program again. To end any Python program, you can type ctrl-c.



Open main9.py. What is happening on line 12? 
It's another conditional command or something
What is the purpose of “count”? 
to see how many inputs there have been
What is happening on line 22? 
It is returning how many times you entered an answer 
Run the program.


*Extra credit:* open main10.py. Add a comment to each line describing what it is doing (a comment follows a pound sign [#]). 

Commit your changes and push them back to the repository. 

Did you do the extra credit? 
 Yes I did the extra credit